Provide the following in your report:

A succinct description of your project idea, how you expect your system to be used, by whom, and the context under which you expect it to be used

Provide a list of stakeholders, and describe them as they relate to the design of the system

Discuss the user research methods you used, provide justification for them, and provide a summary of your findings from each of these methods

Reflect on your use of the methods -- what went well, what went poorly, and what would you do differently, and

Provide 6-8 task descriptions of how you expect the system to be used.

As a very rough guideline, this assignment should result in a max of 2000 word document.







Project Description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

A succinct description of your project idea, how you expect your system to be used, by whom, and the context under which you expect it to be used

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The idea that our group has decided on is an informational app for dog enthusiasts which we have called 'Barkipedia'. With
our app, we expect it to be used as way to find vital information about dog care, discover dog-friendly events around Calgary,
find dog services around them, and interact with other users through forum posts and reviews,

Our team has settled on the idea of an informational app for dog owners and lovers for our group project. With our app,
 we expect users to discover events around Calgary for them to attend with their dog, make meaningful connections with
 other dog lovers, and access unlimited (diverse)information about all things dog related. The people we expect to use our
 application will range from people who are interested in getting a dog in the future, new dog owners who are struggling
 to introduce the new family member into their home, to long-time dog owners looking for very specific information, and
 everyone in between.


 We hope that our app will be
 an easy and local solution for the needs of every dog lover whether it be a new dog owner struggling to introduce the new
 family member into their home or a long-time dog owner looking to for very specific information . Our app will only cater
 to the local community, specifically Calgary, as only information on pet services within Calgary will be provided.
 The app’s target audience will encompass people who are curious about dogs but have a limited knowledge on them, long-time
 dog owners who would consider themselves experts, and everyone else in between. For example, dog novices could use our app to
  look up helpful tips on how to successfully integrate their new puppy into their home or a person looking to have their dog
   socialize with other dogs could utilize our ‘Bark Bash/Puppy Proceedings/canine crossovers/ dog events in the city’ feature and attend the event.


Networking
networking -> petworking
Stakeholders
The stakeholders for our project consist of experienced dog-owners, inexperienced dog-owners, consumers who have yet to
 adopt a dog, dog enthusiasts, and the Calgary community at large.
Experienced and in-experienced dog-owners are the most obvious and vital users of the app. They will be one of the main
sources of content of the app as they use it to post questions and answers on our forum, ‘Bark Overflow’, set up online
profiles for themselves and their pets, and sign up for upcoming events meet-ups. Users are also able to navigate through
 and leave reviews for dog services around Calgary. With our ‘reviews’ feature, dog-owners can locate things like
the highest rated grooming services or veterinarians near them. Individuals who own dogs are not difficult to find and
 are expected to be willing to participate in the investigative and research stages of our project for ‘Barkipedia’ is a
 unique, novel idea that involves them and their pet.
Consumers of the app have not yet adopted a dog but are interested in doing so are another important group of users. They
 will be the people researching for tips and tricks on how to care for a new puppy and the finances, home environment, and
  the amount of time and energy that are required when owning specific breeds of dogs. They are expected to be active in the
   ‘Bark Overflow’ forum as they’ll be asking more experienced members of the app for advice on dog related topics (e.g. the adoption process).
The community at large entails individuals and groups who would not normally be using our app directly but would still be
benefiting from the app’s offerings. For example, dog service business would certainly have the potential to benefit from our
‘reviews’ feature as their business would be listed and rated by our users. Furthermore, ‘influencers’ should also be considered
 as stakeholders for our project. These are the people with a large following and are trusted by many to provide reliable, accurate
  information. They can include businesses that provide dog services, community centers, cafes and restaurants, organizations, etc.
   With their help, our app can gain more visibility and reach a larger audience.
WHAT’S LEFT TO DO FOR THE REPORT: (Please delete this box in the final draft)
Discuss the user research methods you used, provide justification for them, and provide a summary of your findings from each of these methods
Justify your choice of each of these research methods in terms of why they are appropriate for your context. Conduct the methods with
 potential users and/or stakeholders. Make notes about your experience conducting these methods: what are your users' problems, what is
  their context of use, what would they like to do, etc.? Consider issues of what the use context will be (e.g. typical situations).
  Summarize your method and your findings from each of these methods.
Reflect on your use of the methods -- what went well, what went poorly, and what would you do differently, and
Provide 6-8 task descriptions of how you expect the system to be used.
You should also provide links to any materials used in your user research to serve as proof that you conducted the research methods.
Examples could include (but are not limited to): photos of you and your interviewee, interview questions, raw notes from observations,
photos from ethnography, survey questions, etc. If appropriate, using images of these in your write-up would likely be a good idea.
Methodologies
For our research methods, we will be conducting surveys and questionnaires and...
Research Findings
From our surveys and questionnaires, we found that..
Reflection
What went well while we conducted our surveys and questionnaires was...

Task Descriptions (NOTE: Subject to change after we do our research)
Users are expected to be able to ask, answer, and discuss questions on dog-related topics using the ‘Bark Overflow’ forum.
Users are expected to be able to leave reviews of local dog services.
Users are expected to be able to browse reviews of local dog services and easily locate the best groomer, vet, or dog-sitter near them.
Users are expected to be able to plan dog meet-ups within Calgary with the ‘meet-up’ feature.
Users are expected to be able to browse local meet-ups and view information relevant to these meet-ups (e.g. location, time, date).
Users are expected to be able to create and personalize their own online profiles and create a simple profile for their pet as well.
…?


